[Verse 1] Woman, don't you know what I'm suffering from? Ease my pain, make it wash on with the rain Relieve me and put it up on your shelf Take it away, and give it to somebody else [Chorus] 'Cause I know we're connected by love Yes, I know we're connected, connected, connected by love Yeah, I wanna be directed by your love Connected by love [Verse 2] Friend of mine, you seem to know me best You chose me out of all of the rest Take me home with you, and help me forget Let's take the worst and somehow turn it into the best [Chorus] 'Cause I know We're connected, we're connected We're connected by love Yes, I know We're connected, we're connected We're connected, connected, connected by love We're connected, we're connected Yeah I can't be rejected by your love We're connected, we're connected Yes Woo! [Organ & Guitar Solo] [Verse 3] What have I done? I have pushed away everyone Help me forget, let's put it all to bed Forgive me, and save me from myself Don't forsake me, woman and go and choose somebody else [Chorus] 'Cause I know We're connected, we're connected We're connected by love We're connected Yes, I know We're connected, we're connected We're connected, connected, connected by love Yes, I'm infected, I need to be protected by your love We're connected, we're connected We're connected, we're connected Connected, connected by love [Verse 1] Why does a dog need to be walked? Three birds fighting out in the yard But I don’t know what they’re fighting about So why does a dog need to listen Whenever you shout? These cats seem to blow Everyone’s mind, but mine What is so funny About beasts above understanding? [Instrumental Break] [Verse 2] Are you their master? Did you buy them at the store? Did they know they were a cure For you to stop being bored? So somebody mated them And took their babies away from them Stuck a price tag on their nose And now you’re buying it clothes [Outro] So, why does a dog need to be walked? [Intro] Who's with me? Who's with me? Who's with me? [Verse 1] Yeah, I'm thinking about starting a corporation Who's with me? Nowadays, that's how you get adulation Who wants to start a corporation? I'm thinking about taking it all the way to the top Who's with me? (Woo!) Yeah, I'm thinking about doing one giant drop Who's with me? (Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Wooo!) [Solo] [Verse 2] Yes, I'm thinking about buying all the empty cots And making one giant army Who's with me? I'm gonna buy up all the empty lots and make one giant farm Who's with me? (Woo!) Yeah, you know what I'm talking about? (Wooo!) Who's with me? (Woo! Woo!) Yeah, I'm thinking about starting a corporation Who's with me? [Outro] And take it right to the top Take it right to the top! [Verse: Spoken Word] These are my demands I renounce wholeheartedly In this extreme abjuration That which I repudiate so vehemently Adamantly unrepentant Implacable and intractable I abdicate with inexorable pleasantry In this solemn refutation This most earnest repudiation I shall not negate That which I state irrevocably But I do it so gently That you cannot resent me For this humble request of my company So with time left permitting And while we're still sitting May I please have another cup of tea? [Verse] Every sound I hear Is louder than the last Sounds like a dynamite blast When you click your teeth I need relief Each one, each one Louder than the last and Makes my fingers curl Sounds like a dynamite blast [Chorus] Ain't no runnin' Ain't no runnin' When you're robbing a bank When you're robbing a bank Ain't no runnin' Ain't no runnin', ain't no runnin' When you're robbing a bank When you're robbing a bank Ain't nowhere to run When you're robbing a bank When you're robbing a bank [Break] You sip your drink And I start to think That I'm the only one That can hear all the sounds in the world [Chorus] Nowhere to run When you're robbing a bank When you're robbing a bank Ain't nowhere, ain't nowhere Nowhere to run When you're robbing a bank When you're robbing a bank Ain't nowhere, ain't nowhere Nowhere to run When you're robbing a bank When you're robbing a bank [Outro] Nowhere to run When you're robbing a bank [Verse] Hear me out, it ain't easy but I'll try to explain Everything in the world gets labeled and named A box, a rough definition, unavoidable Who picked the label doesn't want to be responsible Truth, you're the warden, here's the keys to the prison You create your own box, you don't have to listen To any of the label makers, printing your obituary Here's an example If Joe Blow says "Yo, you paint like Caravaggio" You'll respond "No, that's an insult, Joe; I live in a vacuum, I ain't coppin' no one" Listen up, son Everyone creating is a member of the family Passing down genes and ideas in harmony The players and the cynics might be thinking it's odd But if you rewind the tape, we're all copying god Copying god, copying god Copying god, copying god Add your own piece, but the puzzle is god's Paying interest on the bills of late, but I just can't seem to remember the dates I lay low and turn off the lamps Come on over, you can lick the stamps and We could put together a portfolio and Sing hallelujah in stereo If we find a baby, let her into the fold, but Keep the car running on molten gold We got fever and there ain't no cure, girl Take out insurance if you ain't too sure, girl We do things that lovers do well Never have to ever hear the rings of school bells Plaid jeans, no cellular phone All the time in the world, no twilight zone My time is mine and they know they can't get it J. B. told me you got to hit it and quit it I'm never gonna go where you want me to go, 'cause I got feelings that you just don't know and you can Listen up if you want to hear And if you can't stand it, then... right here The name of the tune is Cool Hand Luke, 'cause I got stripes on my pants and boots In prison you could learn a lesson From the analog to the hot box session Listen [Verse 1] The Sisyphean dreamer My fibula and femur Hold the weight of the world (Over and over) I think, therefore I die Anxiety and I, rolling down a mountain (Over and over) My shoulder holds the weight of the world [Chorus] Yeah, the wind is blowing Volcanoes blowing, my lungs are blowing (Over and over) Who could not win the mistress, wooed the maid With no sign of a grave (Over and over) (Over and over) (Oh yeah) [Verse 2] Hollow body Wine belly perfidy Move like Isotta Fraschini (Over and over) The rock 'n' roller, the young and older Rolling back to the stroller (Over and over) And although you warned me The gods have all scorned me now [Chorus] The wind is blowing Volcanoes blowing, my lungs are blowing (Over and over) Who could not win the mistress, wooed the maid With no sign of a grave (Over and over) (Over and over) (Over and over) [Bridge] And I'm punished for the passion Only telling 'cause you're asking And I'm a glutton for the tasking And the lovers are drowning And they're never gonna find 'em 'Cause theirs ego's gonna blind 'em (Over and over) Woo! Yeah, my shoulder on a boulder Holds the weight of the world (Yeah) [Chorus] Oh, the wind is blowing Volcanoes blowing, my lungs are blowing (Over and over) Who could not win the mistress, wooed the maid With no sign of a grave (Over and over) My shoulder holds the weight of the world (Over and over) (Over and over) [Verse 1] The Sisyphean dreamer My fibula and femur Hold the weight of the world (Over and over) I think, therefore I die Anxiety and I, rolling down a mountain (Over and over) (Over and over) And although you've warned me The gods have all scorned me now [Intro] Hello Welcome to Everything You've Ever Learned Brought to you by Hello Welcome to Everything You've Ever Learned Sponsored by Hello, Hello Welcome to Everything You've Ever Learned Brought to you by Do you want everything? Then, you can have everything But what is everything? (Worth?) Do you wish for nothing? Then, you will have nothing Now, that is something Do you wanna see it all? Well, you can just open your eyes The one who is prepared, is never surprised Do you wanna question everything? Then, think of a good question Do you wanna start a fire? Well, you can watch it burn Do you wanna learn? Then, shut up and learn Do you wanna learn? Then, shut up Shut up Shut up and learn Shut up Shut up! Pt. I All right, let's go back to our song [Instrumental] Pt. II She commands my respect She commands my respect And I can't recollect A better time in my life She has all my respect She has all my respect And I cannot protect My heart from her command If she's stringin' me along The bells are ringing strong So I can't detect it She's comin' up behind me In the mornin' lovin' When I least suspect it Every single thing about the situation Says I can't be wrong And every time she gets the satisfaction I want her to control me all night long [Solo] [Verse: Spoken Word] What melancholy magic Has turned a multitude into mush Mandibles drop from shock An old lady at high altitude Whispering hush She slips off her white shoes And grabs her tenor pacifier From its stand Thirty half steps to the microphone Smile on her face Flower in her hand Oh how a crowd can melt When they've been dealt Such a deliciously delicate blow By a barefooted fairy Not with a clang but a whisper Totally stealing the show Fools desire distraction And not take to heart Their faces to their gadgets fall south Ignoring the beauty of a fog on a hill And a kitten with a mouse in its mouth A motley mob settles down And there's hardly a frown As the air in the temple turns to mist A spotlight, a mark and a cleanse of the throat And her microphone gently is kissed You can hear a boot lace And a speck of dust taste As the babe bravely stared down the herd But she played not a note And only one moment spoke These simple and poignant five words You people are totally absurd [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-2679] When I was young I went into an abandoned house In one of the rooms I found an old piano I didn't know how to play piano So I just fumbled across the keys Pressed the pedals down I sat there for hours Trying to understand how to Construct a melody My brain to my finger tips And after a while I hit three notes together At the same time [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-1203] It’s Sunday Morning And I have that same feeling I’ve had every Sunday For my entire life It’s as if I have been woken up by whispers The whispering of voices, all around me I can’t make out what they are saying Some people would call it ghosts Or some kind of hallucination I don’t know what I’m supposed to call it But I’ve never told anybody about that [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-353] We were 30 men All trapped inside The sun ended blocked out The shaft collapsed, so There was no way out The gas in our lamps Had almost run dry It was so quiet 'Cause no one Dared disturb the silence By murmuring something that wasn't useful And that's when we saw A hand break through And we saw the sunlight For the first time [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-1750] Wherever you go in the world You’ll find that in the bible it says Someone who works with their hands A carpenter, a pot maker, a brick layer Someone who works with their hands It’s seems no matter how far The human race progresses How computerized, robotic, digital Everything becomes around us Not too far away, there is somebody Working with their hands [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-1731] I've been walking down by the river For hours Past sailors, that have Less tattoos than the average teenager There's a man fishing And selling what he catches A dollar a head I've been sitting near him For a long time now And he's yet to look over I have a strange feeling That I know this man That it's me I think it's me [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-5505] It’s 97 degrees out The humidity is so thick It’s like drinking a glass of water Every time I take a breath I’m standing on this mound of dirt Cracking the bones in my fingers one by one I’m staring at him Wondering what he’s thinking Is this the end or the beginning? Will I be able to make it out alive? And then I slowly release the ball from my hand And it travels toward him [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-1827] Feeling distorted Brick by brick by brick A box containing another box Upheaval in a pond As large as the world And a leaf that falls for infinity It never lands Across the country Stones, soil, trees All humming the exact same frequency The exact same frequency [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-11631] Theres a distant hum Coming from the clouds Just on the other side of the ridge Nobody knows the source of the hum And the frequency is Is enough to rattle Anything stationary Entire town Feels like it has been cursed The hum won't go away The oldest people around Remember the hum From their childhoods And they say it's always been here And will never go away [Intro: Spoken Word - Version B-2101] Sound by sound Track by track Note after note Constructed melody Soft voices, clouds compile hammering Over, atop, and subtle and inferior These sublime notes The harmonies that are dissonant in the earth Dissonant vibrations of all terms And preposterous instrumentation Each one adding Extra note or frequencies To the overall beauty Of the melody around you [Funk Interlude] Let's try it Let's try it [Verse 1] Can you hear me now? Am I invisible to you? Out of the blue now Out of the blue now Can you hear me now? Am I invisible to you? Get in the mind shaft [Refrain] Can it be? Can it be? Can it be? Can it be? Ah, ah, ah, ah [Verse 2] Can you hear me now? Get in the mind shaft Get in the mind shaft Am I invisible to you? Come inside Come inside Can you hear me now? Deep inside me, now [Refrain] Ah, ah, ah, ah [Outro] Get in the mind shaft Can you hear me now? [Verse 1: Jack White/White & Esther Rose] What's done is done I just can't fight it no more So, I'm walking downtown to the store And I'm buying a gun [Verse 2: White/White & Rose] This just ain't no fun My life has become a bore Pacing back and forth on the floor Thinking of someone [Chorus: White & Rose/White] Why do I feel that nothing is real And nobody is there to hear? Something goes wrong and I can't hear the song That you used to sing in my ear [Verse 1: White/White & Rose] What's done is done I just can't fight it no more So, I'm walking downtown to the store And I'm buying a gun Yeah [Solo] [Chorus: White & Rose] Why do I feel that nothing is real And nobody is there to hear? Something goes wrong and I can't hear the song That you used to sing in my ear [Verse 1: White/White & Rose] What's done is done I just can't fight it no more So, I'm walking downtown to the store And I'm buying a gun [Outro: White/Rose] Either you go or I go And it won't be me [Verse] Strains of humoresque divine You thrill and fill this heart of mine With gladness like a soothing symphony Over the air, you gently float Into my soul, you strike a note Of passion with your melody [Chorus] Sunbeams are playing Flowers and trees are swaying Captured within your magic spell If the children are dancing Lovers are all romancing Is it any wonder, everyone is singing? [Verse] Strains of humoresque divine You thrill and fill this heart of mine With gladness like a soothing symphony Over the air, you gently float Into my soul, you strike a note Of passion with your melody