[Skit] Morty: Hey, uh, Grandpa Rick, can we maybe... maybe I can pick what we listen to next? You know... we've been in this ship for like three hours now Rick: Well, Morty, that entirely depends on whether or not you have the mental capacity to pick something I would be willing to listen to Morty: Well, what about Logic? Rick: Logic? Morty: You're not fuckin' with Logic? Bro? You know what I'm talkin' about? Rick: Morty, calm down, of course, I love Logic. Who doesn't like Logic? You gotta be a fuckin' idiot if you don't like Logic. But the question is, what "Logic" are we talkin' about here? Morty: What do you mean? Rick: Well are we talkin' about mixtape Logic or album Logic? Morty: What does it matter? I mean Logic is Logic Rick: Morty, it matters very much Morty: I don't know, Rick, I mean... album Logic? Rick: Ugh, Morty I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to decline a request Morty: What? Grandpa Rick, are you saying you don't like Logic albums? Rick: Morty, if that's what I was trying to say, I would have said it. Don't come at me like a little punk ass motherfucker, don't try to come at me, Morty. I'm saying that he's got a plethora of music that varies from mood to mood, Morty. Okay? And I'm saying that I'm in the mood to turn some shit up, Morty. I'm not in the mood for a message about how I can be whatever I want or oohhh you know like equality and everybody and all that shit, alright? Just wanna hear some fuckin'... about titties, throwin' stacks on some ass, you know, just some good old fuckin' ATL style club rap, Morty Morty: Geez, Rick, I mean, Logic he turns stuff up on his albums too, Rick, you know? He turns shit up Rick: Morty, shut up. I'm simply implying, you know, I want some shit I can turn up on this ride to Clazabar planet in sector G9, okay Morty: Alright, geez, okay Rick: So, you know, so, meet me in the middle, Morty. Give me some of that Bobby Tarantino shit. You're talking about Logic, you know and I'm talking about that titty rap. Jus- why don't we meet in the middle with some Bobby Tarantino, you know. I need it, just need to hear it, it's pretty good Morty: Yeah, you know I agree with you Rick, here I'm gonna throw this Bobby Tarantino shit in Rick: Yeah, drop that shit, drop that shit, Morty! Drop that shit in my fucking spaceship, Spaceship! Spaceship: Yes, Rick? Rick: Uh, play Bobby Tarantino [Intro] Yeah, maybe this should just be the intro, like this That's it, squad, bitch [Verse 1] All these bad bitches say they love me, I already know Check the, check the bling that's on my finger 'cause I'm married, ho There he go, everybody know that boy's pockets is swole What's good? That sound familiar, never been here before Life good, 'cause I just got quoted two hundred a show Oh no, oh no, two hundred a show Overnight, all this money that I've been makin', I gave it right back To all of the people that made me, you know we like that Don't know why your bitch wanna date me, but I can't fight that Guess you ain't done shit for her lately, not on the right track If I think that shit sound good, I gotta write that Weed man knockin' on the door, I'll be right back Pass the shit to 6ix, watch him light that Hit the studio, record the shit, then mix the shit, then master it And then we do the show and they recite that Bitch, I'm right back, told 'em 'bout my life, told 'em 'bout my life Told 'em I was broke as fuck too many nights Now I see my name up on so many lights, but everybody prolly think this shit done happened, happened, happened [Chorus] Overnight, people think this how this shit happened, but they never right Acting like they got it, they got it, but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that Hustlin' the streets like they trap over–over–overnight People think this how this shit happened, but they never right Acting like they got it, they got it, but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that Hustlin' the streets like they trappin' and burnin' (woo, woo) [Bridge] Tell me how you really feel, how you really feel All they ever do is hate the boy, but now they know the name Tell me how you really feel, how you really feel All they ever do is hate the boy, but now I run the game Tell me how you really feel, how you really feel You can hate now all you want, but shit won't ever be the same Tell me how you really feel, how you really feel You can hate me, but I'm not the reason that your life is lame [Verse 2] Tell me, is it really so hard? Really so hard, to be a good person? Tell me, is it really so hard? Really so hard, to stop acting like a bitch? (woo!) I treated everybody with respect and now I'm rich (woo!) I treated everybody with respect Maybe you got issues with your daddy, though Maybe you was bullied back in high school Maybe you are just a tool [Bridge] Maybe you're the reason, you're the reason The reason I don't fuck with nobody, and Maybe you're the reason, you're the reason The reason I came up with nobody, and Maybe you're the reason, you're the reason Everybody think this right here happened [Chorus] Overnight, people think this how this shit happened, but they never right Acting like they got it, they got it, but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that Hustlin' the streets like they trap over–over–overnight People think this how this shit happened, but they never right Acting like they got it, they got it, but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that Hustlin' the streets like they trappin' and burnin' down, shit [Intro] Yeah, yeah The tunes on here? That shit sound good Bryson gotta hurry up and send me this verse Yeah, yeah, yeah [Chorus] Bitch, I've been blowin' up (bitch, I've been blowin' up) Everyone showin' up, where was you in the beginnin'? (in the beginnin') I know that they showin' up (know that they showin' up) Only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin' (when the boy winnin') No, you do not know enough (you do not know enough) You do not know a thing about this life that I'm livin' (life that I'm livin') You've never been low enough (never been low enough) Yeah, I was born at the bottom (yeah, yeah, yeah) Everything I'm given now Bitch, I've been blowin' up (bitch, I've been blowin' up) Everyone showin' up, where was you in the beginnin'? I know that they showin' up (know that they showin' up) Only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin' No, you do not know enough (you do not, you do not, you do not) You do not know a thing about this life that I'm livin' You've never been low enough (never been low) Yeah, I was born at the bottom (yeah, yeah, yeah) Everything I'm given now [Verse 1] Bobby, tell me who really 'bout it Bitch, I doubt it, not a single person work harder than Bobby Just wrote a novel, starrin' in a movie Built another business while you at the party Ain't one to flex, but yeah I'm finna flex I just parked that new i8 right next to the Audi Copped that G-Wagon right there for my shawty Yeah, now they know the name, yeah, they know Bobby [Pre-Chorus] Yeah, get it like, get it like, get it like, get it like me, nah Handout, palm up, you cannot get this shit here for free, nah Bobby done put in that work, you gon' pay me a fee, nah I said Bobby been livin' that life and you know, I said... [Chorus] Bitch, I've been blowin' up (bitch, I've been blowin' up) Everyone showin' up, where was you in the beginnin'? (in the beginnin') I know that they showin' up (know that they showin' up) Only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin' (when the boy winnin') No, you do not know enough (you do not know enough) You do not know a thing about this life that I'm livin' (life that I'm livin') You've never been low enough (never been low enough) Yeah, I was born at the bottom (yeah, yeah, yeah) Everything I'm given now Bitch, I've been blowin' up (bitch, I've been blowin' up) Everyone showin' up, where was you in the beginnin'? I know that they showin' up (know that they showin' up) Only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin' No, you do not know enough (you do not, you do not, you do not) You do not know a thing about this life that I'm livin' You've never been low enough (never been low) Yeah, I was born at the bottom (yeah, yeah, yeah) Everything I'm given now [Verse 2] Let that bitch breathe Most of these people can't never ever comprehend all the shit that I've seen I am polite than a mothafucka, but when I grip that mic I get mean Come now, you know what I mean Pepe done got the boy lean Yeah, you could doubt me, say what you want 'bout me But I am a rappin' machine I do this shit for the team, shit for the squad I'm livin' the dream, yes, I am livin' the dream Hold up, wait up, just can't believe Just can't believe that my swag is on another level Yeah, I keep it G Matter of fact, I keep it, I keep it, I keep it, I keep it M Turn that shit upside down, now it's a W No, no, ain't nobody fuckin' with him Don't matter who come stand next to me Once I'm surrounded ain't nobody fuckin' with them I am the best of the best, of the best Of the best, of the best, of the best like, Men In Black Greatest alive, bitch, I've been that If you don't agree, you get kidnapped Bitch slapped, thrown back, like woo! [Pre-Chorus] Yeah, get it like, get it like, get it like, get it like me, nah Handout, palm up, you cannot get this shit here for free, nah Bobby done put in that work, you gon' pay me a fee, nah I said Bobby been livin' that life and you know, I said... [Chorus] Bitch, I've been blowin' up (bitch, I've been blowin' up) Everyone showin' up, where was you in the beginnin'? (in the beginnin') I know that they showin' up (know that they showin' up) Only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin' (when the boy winnin') No, you do not know enough (you do not know enough) You do not know a thing about this life that I'm livin' (life that I'm livin') You've never been low enough (never been low enough) Yeah, I was born at the bottom (yeah, yeah, yeah) Everything I'm given now Bitch, I've been blowin' up (bitch, I've been blowin' up) Everyone showin' up, where was you in the beginnin'? I know that they showin' up (know that they showin' up) Only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin' No, you do not know enough (you do not, you do not, you do not) You do not know a thing about this life that I'm livin' You've never been low enough (never been low) Yeah, I was born at the bottom (yeah, yeah, yeah) Everything I'm given now [Verse 1] Let me get up in this bitch, like, "What's good, ho?" Grippin' this grain, I spit to release the pain Pimpin' ain't a thang, what's good? Hold up, let me get it right, I been contemplating life I been grindin' on a fight, I been writin' on a flight Roll up on 'em like that Backwood Better act good or get smacked good I'm just tryna live life, I'm just tryna get right Anybody got advice I know I'm a workaholic but everybody gotta vice I leave 'em diminished And I do not know if you know That I am so ahead of my time That my whole motherfuckin' discography's already finished The greatest alive, bitch, I been it Now go on your business, can I get a witness? Been smoking and drinking a little bit This levels to the litness [Pre-Chorus] Pull up with that new-new in the driveway So fresh, I double park that bitch sideways When it comes to life, I do it my way Smoked out 180 on the highway Yeah, I'm sitting shotgun Gotta let my shawty drive I'm so alive, leave that pussy crucified [Chorus] It's just you and I You know it's do-or-die It's just you and I Girl, you know it's do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) Do-or-die (Everybody know that it's the reason) It's do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) It's do-or-die (Everybody know that it's the reason) Yeah, this shit do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) (Everybody know that it's the reason) It's do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) (Everybody know that it's the reason) [Verse 2] Hold up, wait a minute, bring it right back Mix that real with that turn up, call it BoomTrap I ain't heard no shit like this in so long I don't know how this right here could go wrong This is my theme song, me and my team's song I got millions in the bank because my dream's strong I don't sip the syrup, I got friends to lean on But I get my green on, yes, I get my green on Pull up in this bitch and smoke a O Like Woah, goddamn, yeah, that boy he been On The Low About to blow, about to show About to show 'em, I don't know 'em I don't know 'em, no, I don't know 'em I don't know, I don't I vibe with 'em, I ride with 'em If they down with me, you know I die with 'em [Pre-Chorus] Pull up with that new-new in the driveway So fresh, I double park that bitch sideways When it comes to life, I do it my way Smoked out 180 on the highway Yeah, I'm sitting shotgun Gotta let my shawty drive I'm so alive, leave that pussy crucified [Chorus] It's just you and I You know it's do-or-die It's just you and I Girl, you know it's do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) Do-or-die (Everybody know that it's the reason) It's do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) It's do-or-die (Everybody know that it's the reason) Yeah, this shit do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) (Everybody know that it's the reason) It's do-or-die (Made this shit right here for any season) (Everybody know that it's the reason) [Intro] My name is Paul Rothenberg, Attorney of Law... And I hereby ratify and confirm that Logic is motherfucking paid [Chorus] Can't nothin' stop me, I'm on a roll (I'm on a roll!) Always on time 'cause my eyes is on my Rollie-olex I don't trust nobody, oh no (no, no, no!) I don't trust nobody, put my homies on the payroll Fuck with me now or you'll never know (never know!) If you weren't with me, in the beginning, you get no love (no love!) My name Bobby Tarantino (Tarantino! Yeah) Logic ain't here right now, leave a message if you want, ho [Verse] Hold it, bring it back, uh, I'ma call you back, uh Too busy countin' stacks, uh Pickin' up the slack (slack!) I was born in the trap (trap!), chains on, cooked crack (crack!) Logic never wanna flex, but Bobby finna bring the facts Put my city on the map, fuck with the gang, get the Tec It ain't a thing, RattPack, nobody know about that Bitch, I been gunnin', comin' for the throne And I know that they talking, can't fuck with the tone Talkin' shit 'bout Logic, I never respond I'll let success talk, 'cause a word of advice: More achievements for yourself and less talk Cats beef with Logic, yeah, they prayin' I respond If I ever did, I dead you in this game with no respawn Peace, love, and positivity, that's all I want with you But you push the issue 'cause I give you more press than your publicist could ever get you Hell nah, fuck rap, fuck beef Anyone that hate me, I wish you success I wish you look in the mirror and ask yourself why you suppressed The feelin's of self-hatred that you want project on me Bet if I never picked up the mic then we might be homies But you jealous, you look at my life and you feel envy Constantly comparing yourself to me and feel empty Most people that don't fuck with me ain't never shook my hand I'm a good man, yeah, I love myself I know who I am, yeah, I love myself They don't understand But no matter what happen you know that– [Chorus] Can't nothing stop me, I'm on a roll (I'm on a roll) Always on time 'cause my eyes is on my Rollie-olex (woo!) I don't trust nobody, oh no (no, no, no!) I don't trust nobody, put my homies on the payroll Fuck with me now or you'll never know (never know!) If you weren't with me, in the beginning, you get no love (no love!) My name Bobby Tarantino (Tarantino!) Logic ain't here right now, leave a message if you want, ho (leave a message, ho!) [Outro] Hi! It's uh—Logic? Hi, sorry. It's Elton John calling you! Um, I hope you don't mind me getting you on your mobile–or not getting on your mobile, but I was just, uh—congratulating you first of all on your performance at the Grammys and then I was asking you—I was gonna ask you if you'd like to do something for me, and I will ring you back later and see—and talk about it, thanks! [Intro: Logic] Yeah, yeah, Slegdro! This that J Dilla right here Badu, Indica Badu Yeah, that's right... [Verse 1: Logic] Riding 'round the city with my homies, blowing trees Wavy like the Seven Seas, living life, let me get it right Let me give it a minute to get up in it like a beautiful independent woman that's finna make you wait to smash Come now, let me count this cash Come now, let me sip this flask Pockets fat like shawty ass Jump in the whip, gotta get this gas Put that shit in drive, I'm live like ammunition No permission needed, I proceeded to accelerate Had days with hella hate, but gotta let that anger migrate All this shit that's on my plate That food for thought that can't be bought But only taught, and on the real know [Chorus: Logic] I can't get much higher, been smoking that fire Riding 'round the city with my homies that know me Know that I can't get much higher, word to my supplier While you break it, roll it, light it, use that fire, ignite it I can't get much higher, been smoking that fire Riding 'round the city with my homies that know me Know that I can't get much higher, word to my supplier While you break it, roll it, light it, use that fire, ignite it I can't get much higher— [Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Nigga, like we smoking all weekend And I roll and smoke when I'm drinkin' Tell them open that door but don't peek in We be havin' a OG Kush meetin' If we smokin' that dope, it's a reason Eyes so low from the chiefin' I be getting high when I wake up And roll me one more 'fore I'm sleeping Man, I be smoking so good that I be forgetting the past It don't even come to my house If it ain't wrapped up in a turkey bag We roll up the herb and laugh, kick back, blow a zip Take it on a plane, know I smoke the same when I'm on a trip Nigga like me always got weed on 'em (got weed on 'em) Try to tell me that she don't smoke, later on she joinin' Ain't no point, no I'm back, keep going in You been rolling with cats, you boring I be bringing them stacks enormous Section always in the back important Bad bitch gorgeous, pack imported [Chorus: Logic] I can't get much higher, been smoking that fire Riding 'round the city with my homies that know me Know that I can't get much higher, word to my supplier While you break it, roll it, light it, use that fire, ignite it I can't get much higher, been smoking that fire Riding 'round the city with my homies that know me Know that I can't get much higher, word to my supplier While you break it, roll it, light it, use that fire, ignite it I can't get much higher— [Verse 3: Logic] Uh, yeah, I'm finna get up in the feeling Independent feeling like a boss Roll a little something, smoke a little something Kick back and then floss Chiefin' that Indica in the cut, tell my anxiety to get lost Fuck a pill, only numb the pain Man, you know how much that shit cost? I ain't talking 'bout your pocket No, I am only talking about the mind When the cannabis combine with the brain It be like everything you see, it seem to shine Smoking that Golden State, everything going great Got a lot on my plate, not a single complaint Stack of money in the bank This that RattPack and that Taylor Gang They know the face and they know the name I'm a married man with a bad wife Never fuck around unless it's Mary Jane Come play the game, honestly never the same Just like my flow, got one for every occasion Living the life so my life is amazing, woo [Chorus: Logic] I can't get much higher, been smoking that fire Riding 'round the city with my homies that know me Know that I can't get much higher, word to my supplier While you break it, roll it, light it, use that fire, ignite it I can't get much higher, been smoking that fire Riding 'round the city with my homies that know me Know that I can't get much higher, word to my supplier While you break it, roll it, light it, use that fire, ignite it I can't get much higher— [Outro: Logic] Yeah, and if you don't know by now—I smoke weed! "Hahahaha," how Wiz gonna give me the verse He ain't gonna give me the laugh though? "Hahahaha," that shit iconic Yeah, yeah, yeah, Indica Badu [Part I] [Intro] Everybody know I be— Everybody know I be— Yeah, yeah... [Chorus 1] Everybody know I be— In the club VIP, sike, not me Old girl wanna fuck me Yeah, she fine, I'ma give her that D Out with the homies, I be sippin' on somethin' Oh shit, I might need an IV, permanently, permanently Ayy, goddamn, these bitches is thirsty They see a rapper but they ignore the band I ain't talkin' 'bout musicians, you stupid bitch Talkin' 'bout what's on my hand Bitch, I been at and in it for a minute This all been a part of my plan Sold millions of records before the radio Damn, it feel good to be the man [Chorus 1] Ayy, everybody know I be— In the club VIP, sike, not me Old girl wanna fuck me Yeah, she fine, I'ma give her that D Out with the homies, I be sippin' on somethin' Oh shit, I might need an IV, permanently, permanently Goddamn, these bitches is thirsty They see a rapper but they ignore the band I ain't talkin' 'bout musicians, you stupid bitch Talkin' 'bout what's on my hand Bitch, I been at and in it for a minute This all been a part of my plan Sold millions of records before the radio Damn, it feel good to be the man [Chorus 1] Everybody know I be— In the club VIP, sike, not me Old girl wanna fuck me Yeah, she fine, I'ma give her that D Out with the homies, I be sippin' on somethin' Oh shit, I might need an IV, permanently, permanently [Part II] [Chorus 2] Oh no Bobby, don't do 'em like that You gon' fuck around and leave 'em ruined like that RattPack the gang, they all on my back RattPack the gang, we do it like that No, don't do 'em like that You gon' fuck around and leave 'em ruined like that RattPack the gang, they all on my back RattPack the gang, we do it like that [Verse] Yeah, uh The illest that bring it, the realest Bitch, I came to kill this They can never bear me, just the homies and me Now we the Grammy family You made a couple million, that's it, it's gross My net is 30, my record clean, my flow is dirty, right? Real G's move in silence like— Who the common denominator? Fuck around and bomb a hater My flow greater, heart darker than Darth Vader Check the data, matter of fact, check the state of mind After I'm finished, these rappers ain't in a state to rhyme Straight to your mind now Feel this shit like it's some Braille Way too heavy for the scale All I know about is bars, like I couldn't make the bail It ain't never room to fail Only growing and prevail When my anxiety rise and I feel like I'm in hell Take a moment and inhale Count to five then exhale Then we run that motherfucker like a marathon Hits, motherfucker, hits, yeah we 'bout that Barry Bonds Brace yourself, you can't retain me All that shit you talkin' out your mouth just won't sustain me Logic pickin' up the slack like denim Spit it with venom Never pretend to be somethin' that I'm not And you ain't shit when you stand next to me No kiddin' like vasectomy Step to me, throw disrespect to me And I'll rearrange your trajectory Black and white like a piano and I'm proud to be And fuck whoever tell me I am not allowed to be I am me, I'm a man, can I live?—Goddamn Yeah, I guess this shit right here is just all a part of the plan Haters gon' hate, that's the motherfuckin' sayin' So much plaque up on my wall I need a dentist From Maryland to Venice, this shit is worldwide Step up to the mic and it's a homicide [Chorus 2] Oh no Bobby, don't do 'em like that You gon' fuck around and leave 'em ruined like that RattPack the gang, they all on my back RattPack the gang, we do it like that No, don't do 'em like that You gon' fuck around and leave 'em ruined like that RattPack the gang, they all on my back RattPack the gang, we do it like that [Intro] You—you, you You—you, you, you, you, you You, you—you You—you, you, you, you, you You—you, you, you, you, you You, you—you You—you, you, you, you, you Warm it up, warm it up Warm it up, warm it up, warm it up Warm it up, warm it up Warm it up, warm it up, warm it up [Verse 1] It's that Young Sinatra shit, yeah, this that Young Sinatra shit Shut the fuck up and listen whenever Young Sinatra spit Yeah, your girl fine as hell but she a Young Sinatra chick Hey Bobby, how can you tell? She on the Young Sinatra dick All these rappers wack as fuck, make the Young Sinatra sick RattPack be the squad, that's that Young Sinatra clique Goddamn, said this the Young Sinatra clique, goddamn! Listen, yeah—I’m visualizing the realism of life in actuality Step to me, fatality; yeah, this shit is my galaxy I am who the baddest be, I'd rather be at the academy Killers, I'm be glad to be me, magnify the shit like bifocal Motherfuckers talk on the internet, but in person they never vocal Come to the hood and fuck you up if you prefer to be local I'm loco from Noho to Soho Getting Gs like I'm Frodo, you know, ho I'm blessed like Sunday, flyer than a runway Lil' Bobby never second-guessed that he gon' make it one day One–way or another, my brother, word to your mother They should give me a badge 'cause I'm always under covers Goddamn! I'm a miraculous man! You know I get, I get it, I get it, I get it The Young Sinatra spit it, rewind it, and rip it I could murder your whole album with a 30-second snippet Pass the Mary Jane like I'm runnin' a train with Peter Parker On tour, I have more sex in the city than Sarah Jessica Parker The deeper and deeper I go, it get darker They say they want the old me, they want the Young Sinatra back The one that murder it, rip it up, no, never givin' up on the almanac Yeah, I'm all of that, fall back, like September again Baskin' these rappers so hard they won't remember again When it comes to hip-hop, bitch, I'm indigenous to this It's apparent I'm bearin' down like a parent When the beef is at stake, I'm Mastro's My god-level lyricism surpass flows, I'm much more than fast flows Money, talk, cash, hoes, greatest of levels–I've passed those [Chorus] Fuck that rap shit, this that trap shit (Bobby!) This world is my contraption (Bobby!) I was born and raised in the trap, son (Bobby!) Talk shit, get kidnapped, son (Bobby!) I don't really know why I rap, son (ay!) Money in the bank, yeah, I got some (ay!) Couple sports cars, yeah, I bought some (ay!) Logic never flex, Bobby get it done! (ay!) Yeah, y'all don't really know where I come from (come now) Talkin' that shit, I'ma come for 'em (what's good?) Tell me what you really know about me right now Anything I want, I get it somehow [Verse 2] Fuck that trap shit, this that rap shit Give me the hand like John the Baptist Ready to rip it, I hope in the captives Greatest alive like I'm Cassius I put 'em all in they caskets, they can't see me get past it I'm a bastard that mastered the flow And none of y'all ready for the massacre, though Fuck with Logic? Yeah, that's a no Matter of fact, it's not impossible, just highly improbable Like, saying the police isn't robbable But I'm liable to walk up in the station in blue-face Like, "Fuck the police!"—Blue lives ain't a race Fuck whoever said this rap shit was never a race This shit a marathon Murder you motherfuckers and carry on Claimin' that you really 'bout this shit You got your Jim Carrey on— Liar Liar; I might crucify ya Number one 'til I die, will never retire I am the Messiah, I am the god of this shit This is how we do it—yeah, I started this shit Yes, I started this shit like– [Chorus] Fuck that rap shit, this that trap shit (Bobby!) This world is my contraption (Bobby!) I was born and raised in the trap, son (Bobby!) Talk shit, get kidnapped, son (Bobby!) I don't really know why I rap, son (ay!) Money in the bank, yeah, I got some (ay!) Couple sports cars, yeah, I bought some (ay!) Logic never flex, Bobby get it done! (ay!) Yeah, y'all don't really know where I come from (come now) Talkin' that shit, I'ma come for 'em (what's good?) Tell me what you really know about me right now Anything I want, I get it somehow [Outro] You—you, you You—you, you, you, you, you You, you—you You—you, you, you, you, you You—you, you, you, you, you You, you—you You—you, you, you, you, you [Chorus] Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god? If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz (yeah, I am) I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad (squad) Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god? (to a god) If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied (somebody lied) [Verse] I just paid ten million in taxes Finger-fuck all of them bastards way back in my GED classes I don't mean to stunt on they asses, but I'm finna stunt on they asses Yeah, I'm finna stunt on they asses Fast forward, I rap for the masses, from Maryland to Calabasas It's on, all this other shit that's on my mind now My girl said she wanna let me find out I'm way too diverse to stay in one lane Increase the autotune so y'all could feel the pain (yeah, yeah!) Pour that drink up and might have to catch a vibe (catch a vibe!) I am way too turnt right now, don't need to drive (woo!) I might fuck around and say some real shit (yeah!) Like people tend to do when they get real, real lit, yeah (woo!) I've been sippin' on that liquid courage (ooh, ooh, yeah!) The beat is tellin' me, "Don't be discouraged" I think I'm the best rapper alive 'Cause they tell me I'm the best rapper alive [Chorus] Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god? If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz (yeah, I am) I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad (squad) Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god? (to a god) If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied (somebody lied) [Intro: 2 Chainz] Yeah, yeah, yeah 2 Chainz [Verse 1: 2 Chainz] Okay, I think these niggas is tryin' me The irony, I used to iron jeans that had the heavy crease You know my destiny is somewhere over the catastrophe You know your majesty You don't smoke strong, that's muscle atrophy That's such a tragedy I see murder like it's Master P Drug dealin' academy, summa cum laude I made A's, rarely made a B Watch 1080p, cost 80 apiece I need 80G, verses ADD (tell 'em) It was me versus the APD (APD) 'Cause they know I'm ballin' hard like the ACC (sweet) I ride this beat like an ATV To see me you need HDTV Bein' broke is like an allergy [Verse 2: Logic] Ballin' with my homies now, everybody know me now But they don't really know me now Yeah, this shit is real life Haters talk shit, but deep down still wonder what it feel like Yeah, you know I am right, I just signed a 30 million dollar deal How that feel? Goddamn right, no, that ain't a rapper flex I just gotta let 'em know That money don't mean shit without self-respect Built myself an empire You can have rap, I'ma set the whole wide world on fire RattPack, that's a fact How you go from Bobby Tarantino to the boom bap? It's a trap Bring it right back, I do it all 'cause I'm like that You can't put me in a box, my talent put me in the mansion Rap without Logic, like the game with no expansion Answer, damn I'm feelin' handsome I ain't in the club throwin' dollars, I'm at GameStop 'Member used to sell trees on the same block I went platinum and double platinum then triple platinum From rappin', I'm snappin', I'm snappin' They wonder what happened They was hatin', now they clappin' like, "Yeah, yeah Bobby got the Grammy this year" Call me Nostradamus, not cocky, I'm honest, well to be honest I spit the finest of flows, I count cash, you count hoes You'll never get, that's why your shit is counterfeit This that Reasonable Doubt shit, Jay in his prime This a state of emergency, now sound the alarm I'm comin' for your neck, but first I'ma slice off the arm Of anybody who ever try to bite the hand that fed 'em I'm too powerful, try to double-cross me and I dead 'em Kill 'em with kindness, you too weak like "7 x 2" So show some respect when this muscle comes through, woo! [Chorus: Logic] I'm like, "Wassup ho? Where you been? What you know about?" Oh no! Who let 'em in? I'ma show 'em out Never know, who's really down or just down and out Never know, who's really down I-I-I-I-I'm like, "Wassup ho? Where you been? What you know about?" Oh no! Who let 'em in? I'ma show 'em out Never know, who's really down or just down and out Never know, who's really down, I-I-I-I-I'm like [Verse 1: Big Sean] Bitch, I'm the one, I consistently prove I stuck to the code like a finishing move (yeah) I hit a groove that they can't undo And over the years all I did was improve Don Life, toss dice On on my off night, I left the doubts and now I'm alright Yeah, I'm a new me, they haven't seen this shit like Vader wearing all white Like I detonate you, hold it down, I levitate I like a woman that's all-natural I give her good energy and let it reciprocate (yeah, yeah) A young nigga that's tryna innovate I been that way since Em and Jay did "Renegade" You niggas hold up, don't get no closer I try and told ya, bitch, we the closest High powers chose us, we never froze up You lucky if you get to see us close up (straight) 'Cause people depending on me like (ugh) Tryna put a hit out on me, nah (ugh) How many times that shit work? None! So blessed I might just make a whole gospel album (yeah) Perform at Sun Daze 'til it's time to rapture Sean Don and Logic, instant classic [Chorus: Logic] I'm like, "Wassup ho? Where you been? What you know about?" Oh no! Who let 'em in? I'ma show 'em out Never know, who's really down or just down and out Never know, who's really down I-I-I-I-I'm like, "Wassup ho? Where you been? What you know about?" Oh no! Who let 'em in? I'ma show 'em out Never know, who's really down or just down and out Never know, who's really down, I-I-I-I-I'm like [Verse 2: Logic] I'm finna tell it like it is Game in a headlock like Stizz Everybody know the deal, yeah, that boy—he keep it real Higher than ever with no pill I just updated my old deal Told Def Jam no less than 20 mil'—and they cut that shit! Yeah, I been at it like "Wassup, bitch?" Put ya favorite rapper deep in a ditch Ya favorite producer get murdered by 6ix We touring the world from Japan to The Six Nah, tryna get paid in full, call me sire like Jaden, fool Uh, that's the power of will (woo!) Yeah, that's the power I feel! I got so much in the bank That I just called my lawyer to work on my will Hold up, wait a second, chill Hold up, wait a second, chill Uh, I mean to Maryland, DC, Virginia What J. Cole he mean to the 'Ville Uh, don't do this shit for the thrill Uh, I am coming for the kill Tell me how you want it, gotta pedal to the metal I'm a gunner like a semi-automatic, I'm bringin' the static I had it, I had to get a unhooked like an addict And yeah, I'm glad that it went the way it did Never thought the radio would play the kid They never care 'til you make it big Now they say triple platinum Finger-fuck the people said that never would happen Came a long way from the trap Where they was cookin' up crack I'm still here, RattPack keep it real here Big boy money, Uncle Phil here Only "Fresh Prints" in my pocket I came from nothin', no hater can stop it Only the illest, you know that I got it Sean Don and Logic, yeah [Chorus: Logic] I'm like, "Wassup ho? Where you been? What you know about?" Oh no! Who let 'em in? I'ma show 'em out Never know, who's really down or just down and out Never know, who's really down I-I-I-I-I'm like, "Wassup ho? Where you been? What you know about?" Oh no! Who let 'em in? I'ma show 'em out Never know, who's really down or just down and out Never know, who's really down, I-I-I-I-I'm like [Intro] Yeah, ayy [Chorus] I work hard every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy I work hard, I work hard every day-ay-ay-ayy, yeah But today is my day, it's my day And no matter what they say, it's my day La-la-la-la-la-la, yeah, yeah [Verse 1] Roll up to the spot, feelin' real good Think you gon' talk shit, you better not, my homies real hood They say, "Logic, why you do that?" I don't know, I don't know Yeah, they used to be like, "Who that?" I don't know, I don't know Now they know my name wherever I go Used to think that's what I wanted, but now just don't know No, I can't fuck with that, knuck if you buckin' back Yeah, I been workin' but I ain't get nothin' back Tell me the dealy now, hold up, wait, really now All of that shit you been talkin' just silly now [Pre-Chorus] Just as quick as you rise Just as quick as you could fall Oh, no, no, no, I can't fuck with that at all Can't fuck with that at all [Chorus] I work hard every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy I work hard, I work hard every day-ay-ay-ayy, yeah But today is my day, it's my day And no matter what they say, it's my day La-la-la-la-la-la, yeah [Verse 2] All, all she ever wanted was attention And a bunch of other shit I shouldn't mention 'Cause she got daddy issues for days, for days and days But today, she ain't got shit to do Her right along with you So we gon' fuck around and vibe, and vibe, and vibe, and vibe I'm tryna live my life, but am I doing it right? Yeah, I'm tryna live my life, but am I doing it right? 'Cause they tell me I'm the man You the man right now, you the man right now With the whole wide world in the palm of your hand right now Fuck the lights and the cameras and the money and the fame I'ma do it for the fam right now I'ma get it for the 301 and the R-A-double T-P-A-C 'cause you know [Chorus] I work hard every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy I work hard, I work hard every day-ay-ay-ayy, yeah But today is my day, it's my day And no matter what they say, it's my day La-la-la-la-la-la, yeah, yeah [Verse] Ayy, bitch, I've been goin' and goin' like the Energizer Yeah, I'm supplyin' the wood like Elijah In the cut, smokin' on indica Might fuck around and compartmentalize ya They say, they say life is a bitch And if that is the case then I'm finna surprise her No, I am not an adviser, but I do advise ya To pay attention, never need to mention I'm that motherfucker bustin' heads Finna push it to the ledge Yeah, I been smokin' my meds Ain't got no love for the feds Can't let fame go to yo head Fuck with me, watch where you tread I'm finna kill it instead I'm finna, I'm finna, I'm finna Do it, do it, do it like I never done it And I wanna run it and I wanna keep it goin' and goin' Like infinity, be the only entity to ever rip it apart From the start like this, from the heart like this Finna murder it, a million miles a minute, no nitrous Doin' righteous I-I been, I-I-I been down this road before Everybody think that they do but they don't Swear to God that they would but they won't Spittin' riddles in the middle of a past-time Me in my mind, feelin' divine, like yeah Finna get it like yeah—yeah Like yeah, like yeah (woo, woo, woo, woo) I done made 20 million dollars (preach) I don't flex to be acknowledged (preach) At this point it's common knowledge (preach) All you haters been abolished (preach) You in the club throwin' dollars, but I'm savin' mine so my kids go to college (preach) Or maybe whatever they wanna do (preach) Just as long as they never say (preach) "Daddy blew 20 million dollars (ayy) He had to flex to be acknowledged (ayy) He in the club throwin' dollars And now cannot afford to send me to college (ayy) Daddy just wanna be loved Just like everybody wanna be accepted (ayy) But somehow he had neglected Me and my momma for all of this rap shit" (ayy) No, I cannot fuck with that shit (ayy) No, I cannot fuck with that Who you know dropped an album Back to back to back to back to back to back again? I'm back again to snap again And goddamnit, it ain't no other way around it Yeah, it's happenin', 'cause I've been livin' in a world on my own Leave me alone, I'm in the zone Where I've been prone to destroy shit You cannot avoid this, whack mothafuckas have annoyed this Yes, you know I enjoy this Preach, mothafuckin' preach Yeah, I'm tryna reach everybody in the streets Writin' words to the beats Each one teach one, yeah, I'm tryna reach one Who the beast one? That be me, on the top to the East one Tell me how you really wanna do it right now, time to murder this Shout out everybody, no fuckin' around, ain't heard of this Heard of us, we ain't goin' nowhere, it's a herd of us Hold up, roll up Levitated like I'm David Blaine Livin' a dream like I'm David Aames Talk all you want, we are not the same Step in the spot, now they know the name Sold more albums my first week than Harry Styles and Katy Perry If that ain't a sign of the times Then I don't know what is, man this shit is scary 'Cause bitch, I've been blowin' up like C-4 And I'm 3 for 3 like a free throw Anybody hatin' on the boy, take a step back and then deep-throat Now my phone blowin' up like ring Like ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring! That Kevin Durant, I'm a champion Check the numbers, I'm a champion Can't sleep on the boy anymore But the haters that love to hate gon' pop an Ambien Star Lord, champion Know the name, now they know the alias, that's for sure Gave 'em 44, now here's 44 more