[CZARFACE + MF DOOM + Inspectah Deck + samples] Do you have any medicine? "CZARFACE" (Do you have any medicine?) Do you— Do you— Do you have any medicine? There's no tellin' That's a very vilainous answer Mhm Mad scientist flow "CZARFACE" "CZAR—" "CZAR—" "CZAR—" "CZARFACE." "I got something for your mind, your body, your soul." Do you— Do you— Do you have any medicine? [Intro: Inspectah Deck] Ten-hut! Officer on deck Salute, salute, salute [Verse 1: Inspectah Deck] Yo, bombageddon, hard head descendants Jarhead in the trenches, Scarhead's relentless You came, performers, locksmiths and fools Czar, what's your occupation? (woof) Anytime I'm spittin', the floor rock The spell's so strong, I catch hate from wizards and warlocks Boom-bap ambassador, track master hot as Africa sand Movin' bodies like a human trafficker What I'm stompin' to harder than an inmate on a conjugal Launchin' you with rocket fuel, live at the barbecue Rebel I-N-S provide a spark for you And I ain't even dig into my arsenal Don't take it personal, you know the biz and you know this is Thoughts, so much force I'm like Yoda's twin (Fire) I break a sweat in the coldest wind I'm bad news, they gon' notify ya closest kin [Chorus] CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM [Verse 2: MF DOOM] The Supervillain, a maniacal tyrant Hear footsteps, adapt to your environment Jungle, all you suckers with the rap jargon The type of rap you find on a rack at a bargain Type of crap probably get 'em smacked off the margin Willis Reed, '72, Knicks at The Garden New York, this ain't no new talk, true talk TMZ and fake beef is the new pork Filthy, regurgitate Tape him up, lay him down, increase the murder rate No no no, not that dude, I heard he straight Wack rappers get spit on through the pearly gates Final straw, ask 'em what they rhymin' for Death waits right behind the door like a dinosaur On a line of raw tryna find a cure DOOM! [Chorus] CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM CZAR, DOOM [Verse 3: Esoteric] It was a shit show from the get-go Every hero needs a villain, weave a web like Steve Ditko To get dough, they thirsty, word to big Diplo, they tip-toe Minions 'round the giant with the sick flow No, no, I wouldn't provoke 'em They call him Connor McGregor, the way he's fookin' outspoken In a trial by combat, let's do ten paces Cesspool erases, Deadpool their faces Deck, DOOM and Seamus, rec rooms and stages You gamble with your health, med schools and Vegas I miss that old shit, rappers used to be stupid def Now they just stupid and deaf I stay around bread like twisty ties, look (up in the sky) CZARFACE stick the superhero landing, extra fly My mind scattered but the bars rule So many voices in my head that every ride's a carpool [Outro] Unbelievable! [Intro: Inspectah Deck] Aye, yo I don't remember, what the fuck But, yo [Verse 1: Inspectah Deck] I said, I'm nicer than the good Samaritan I make it rain, no racks but like a tribal African Got a call from my tall Spanish friend (ooh) Rugburn city, and now my knees need bandagin' Nah, the smoke's not loud, it's obnoxious I spit cyber-hot shit to fry your fiber-optics Watch this magic trick, quickly cut this bitch in half Then walk off colder than a winter draft Ask Mulder and Scully, Deck's style, X-File Extra-terrestrial, wow Alien flow, cooler, Super-Saiyan blow Rebel of mighty Wu Clan Handin' out ass-whippins on a group plan So call me Mr. CZARFACE More action than the fight scene, the shootout and the car chase Spoken word on 'em, right? [Verse 2: MF DOOM] Villain gone haywire Hey liar, don't cry wolf, say fire Pray higher, old guy'll stay by ya The outcome cost more than what you paid prior Turbulence from circumstance Quite perceptive, do his dance moment he turned and glanced It's worth a thousand words, cowards die a thousand deaths Sounds fresh, so pay up with a pound of flesh Now the test like cops barged in and found the mess Outcome critical, lay down in the ground and rest Wake up in a million years, still here with his Villain peers Hittin' gears for another pill and beers Me and Jorjito crack a joke and still in tears (Hahahahaha) Guess God is a comedian While the poor get devoured in the jaws of greedy men Whose daughter's out dancin' to techno and BDM Sell soul? Heck no, sucker, 'til we meet again Saga of the Villain, brand new chapters Do amass new billions, barf krill on masses and rose-gold pavilions Rare form of integrity, oughta draw gazillions All in they feelin's, hatin' gets you nowhere Go home, practice one-two checks, oh yeah Word [Verse 3: Esoteric] Okay alright yo, you brought a knife to a gunfight Yeah well I would do that and stab the shooter, broad sunlight Tadada, I'm back in rehab, no secrecy I'm seekin' treatment for beatin' MCs repeatedly You petty locals, made for soft shit like Kenny Chesney vocals Mine are more like Reggie Noble's Yeah, I'm up in this bitch with Fonzarelli Leave MCs ate, Eazy, no Compton deli Old warrior like Chris Mullin I'ma do a heel turn and kick your fuckin' skull in And walk away spittin' poetry like Countee Cullen I'm the one true king of this one-two thing The way I kick bars and darts You'd think I mixed Marshall's art with mixed martial arts [Skit: CZARFACE + MF DOOM] Hey, there, you—in the Metal. What's your name? DOOM. Shit. DOOM? Mmmm—I like it. I'm CZARFACE. I know a guy who can change your life. Who? Me! Ten feet, nigga. Sometimes, hearin' in this helmets hard, it's made me a close talker. My space, yo. What do ya say we do a little team-up? What? Ya know, a team-up—like; Spidey and The Torch; Hawk and Animal; 7L and—umm, uhh— Play your position. Well, my position is hero, and—stop me if you've heard this one—every hero needs a—Villain. That's right. Hahaha. A villain! [Intro] Okay-kay-kay [Verse 1: Esoteric] Study facts, I put baby paw in the dirt like puppy tracks, yo I was runnin' up in sacks slow Haunted mind, now I'm on another plateau My entrance, fly Benzes, knives, wrenches Hotlines and suicide preventions I fight in trenches, you hide behind fences And ride benches my mind's bright, yours is dense like Mike Pence's I amplify the five senses So ahead of my time, I don't speak in the right tenses Big headed, I better try the wide lenses Quite pretentious, bars like my mic got a life sentence [Verse 2: MF DOOM] Don't lose your cool or show your cards too early Or it could be a close call like New York-New Jersey I always had a soft spot for chicks who talk dirty Party on your block? Goin' 7:30 Ah, all you new aspirin' artists wish in the wind Again any secret agents is listenin' in Best bet, mind your neck, go and find the check Ahem, time for wreck Move over a smidgin, to avoid collision Villain, one truth, won't argue no religion Or promote no division, big business like prison Never fall victim to indecision Or no bogus inhibition One world government, me say, "One world love for shit" Or one girl shovin' it, lovin' it Pink button keep on rubbin' it, hotter than an oven get Some rappers is fake prophets, tryna pull a fast one Caught on quick though, remember from the last one Stayin' bent, this chain event Olympian Readin' Corinthians in a whip a pimp be in [Chorus] Dear God, it's Dear God, it's [Verse 3: Inspectah Deck] Fireman, I throw flames Like I'm in the arcade with no change, I ain't playin' no games I'm an animal, they let me off the chain Still ride the underground railroad, get aboard the train Somebody tell the label exec: "Don't forget There's penalties and fees when you late with the check" Matter fact take the payment in cash, I stay woke Like seven cups of coffee, straight out the bag That's some hard shit, sharp like the razor, choppin' bricks Get the party lit, lush get crushed while cigar split Feel it through your spine, I'm the sickest you'll find I display more marvelous art than Guggenheim No words to define me buddy My previous work is under research and scientist study Code name: prototype Bet the DOOM vs. CZARFACE album have 'em open like a photo light [Chorus] Dear God, it's Dear God, it's [Outro] So easy [Intro] Their instructor is speaking [Verse 1: MF DOOM] Eatin' Captain Crunch for lunch, don't get your panties in a bunch Shorty passed out, he coulda put the whammy in the punch Had he a hunch, he could get set up like one Cosby Slidin' off of three snowflakes like Tom Bosley Remember Charlie's Angels? They had to make some changes Three broads with burners, these dames could get dangerous Dude you never see will forever remain nameless Two of them things black, the last one's stainless Don't deal with the Devil on a deep level They see metal and sound off like a tea kettle Blow the spot up lovely With no reference to skin color, God don't like ugly Wise man once said not to showboat And treat the yacht the same way as a rowboat ("here!") The snakes'll hang theyself with they own rope And watch a jewel transform to a known quote [Chorus] Look out, run through your town on attack mode Look out, run through your town on attack mode Look out, run through your town on attack mode Throw a mask on and go in [Verse 2: Esoteric] What's Mary Poppin', y'all? Shout to Michael Rooker You with a mic is like a eunuch with a hooker Pressure (pressure pressure) cooker My Konfusion's Organized, I'm the lord of light Yondu with an arrow's like Eso with the cordless mic Flow holy, no gospel trap, writin' like Michael Crichton put the rap in Velocirap-tor, or I hit you like a trap, door, when it rains it pours No mental strains but I, stick out like Kurt Angle's temple veins You got an empty brain, enter in my lane It takes balls like a gender change, people talkin' out they ass Check for the double-cross like 2 Chainz at Sunday mass Hit you with the belly to belly, the suplex Off the roof of the duplex, willin' to group text With Steely Dan, Groot, fuckin' baby Groot, the ghost of Dave Brubeck Alex Trebek and Boba Fett, who's next? [Chorus] Look out, run through your town on attack mode Look out, run through your town on attack mode Look out, run through your town on attack mode Throw a mask on and go in (Ahh, welcome welcome) [Verse 3: Inspectah Deck] They can't handle the pressure, tryn'a handle Inspectah 'Cause I eat 'em up faster than Hannibal Lecter Couldn't plan it no better, try me, you know better I will fuck money up, Spike Lee in "Mo' Better" Choose your battles more wisely, I wouldn't suggest you provoke I stunt your growth like cigarette smoke (It keeps going) I'm talkin' effortless flow I tell the truth, the whole truth, so let the record show I went from corner to corner, took it block to block Came from under the rock, rock bottom to top It's like New York City cab style, picture me stopped They gon' catch it like a fish when it officially drop Just pre-order the slaughter, when you give it a listen There'll be so many bars, we'll give you visions of prisons So many haters among us, though I never surrender I'm like Jeremy Renner, silent weapon, Avenger [Chorus] Look out, run through your town on attack mode Look out, run through your town on attack mode Look out, run through your town on attack mode Throw a mask on and go in [Outro] They call him CZARFACE, and man's worst enemy (Oh, what's happening?) CZARFACE head on with one of the meanest mugs In the galaxy: the Chrome Bearer (Man oh man, we are in trouble) Make sure your hoodie is on, and your boots laced This adventure will keep you at the edge of your seat CZARFACE, the baddest one man army to hit town Always where the action is CZARFACE, rated R Under 17 not permitted without parental supervision [Intro: MF DOOM] Keep it movin' [Verse: Inspectah Deck] I'm from the era that started the park wars I beat box, pop-and-lock, B-boys spinnin' on cardboard Graffiti Rock, Beat Street, Breakin', and Style Wars Above the Rim, Brown Sugar, Belly, and CB4 Watch me drop a Wild Style on a Krush Groove My Hustle & Flow, I'm sure to get Paid in Full That's the Rhyme & Reason, so pardon me Who's the Man with the Juice that crashed the House Party? They just Baller Blockin', 'cause I'm Notorious No stoppin' me 'til I'm dead or State Property How High can you fly over New Jack City? Look up, Friday, I Got the Hook Up I'm hip-hop's Most Wanted, comin' Straight Outta Park Hill Call 'em Idlewild, my bars ill Get Rich or Die Tryin', but Never Die Alone Love to my Boyz n the Hood, I'm Ghost, Dog [Outro: Esoteric & MF DOOM] (Ha ha ha ha ha ha) Shhh, don't spoil it (Ha ha ha ha ha) Shhh, don't spoil it (Keep it movin') Shhh, don't spoil it (Ha ha ha ha ha) Don't spoil it Don't spoil it Shhh (ha ha ha ha ha) [Intro: Voice] Phantoms, eerie tales of suspense [Verse 1: MF DOOM] Yeah, just a phantom anthem Traveled in a trio, or maybe just abandoned It's random, found one, take your grandson for ransom Got 'im with his hands all in the cookie jar Playin' hooky, gettin' drunk, later on, took your car Soul Of Mischief: Til infinity, got a bone to pick And the phantom will forever remain on your shit list The other one give good advice, well dressed, real nice Knows your worth, sets the price, keep you out the hood for life Think that would suffice, but really it's just the beginnin' Third one got you drunk and high, runnin' round here chasin' women Wife wonder how you diss fam and disgrace your children Dudes is wired like that, it's still an all-case buildin' Drats and double-tracks, shorties with the bubble fats Ay caramba, trouble jack, phantom steal another track Bet your life, double that, think you havin' fun in fact Slip her one too many times, may not be no coming back (Coming back, coming back) Never let it happen Lose your phone, tell side-chick, "Get to packin'" Other phantom write it all down and get to rappin' [Verse 2: Open Mike Eagle] I fought a ghost in my apartment, he had too many hitpoints He bested me and told me I should've invested in Bitcoin And then he lit joints and offered me a Fanta can He drove a Phantom then he started singing Phantogram Well damn, I'm like, "Isn't this convenient?" It didn't take a genius to sniff it as somethin' fiendish He introduced himself and said, "What's your name?" For the next four days, we played the exquisite corpse game I sold my soul to 'im for some new hightops Told The Phantom guide my hand and I drew Cyclops Best wrestlers get possessed to do high spots Hey, I stay toasty at Smoke and Noob Saibot, yeah My man was kinda the best ghost He gifted me a new rap book that's prob'ly ya Death Note He was the homie though, we shared the same virtues He showed me his soul once now I only wear church shoes Turned out he wasn't dead, just very fatigued My apologies, I buried the lede I'm real bad at tellin' stories y'all, prob'ly shoulda Told y'all from the beginning that he wasn't, he wasn't really dead [Chorus: Kendra Morris & Inspectah Deck] Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah (Czar) Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms Phantoms, phantoms, me, yeah (the phantoms) Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms Phantoms, phantoms, haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt [Verse 3: Inspectah Deck] Yo, I used to hop the 3 train, always out for more wax Smoke blunts with danger, trouble at my doorstep Stared death in the face, left him with a sore neck The Devil himself can't resist the raw dialect Clashed with the titans, robbed stores with Lucifer Seduced a temptress, threesome with Medusa The phantoms, they surround me like Dolby sound Like they seen a live nigga in a ghost town Never was afraid of the dark, I was goodie man I learned early, the boogeyman is fam They say I'm evil, and my mind is twisted I say I'm godly, my lines is wicked Haley Joel Osment, I see fake niggas Gravediggers, goons, trolls, shapeshifters I always feel like somebody watchin' me Slayin' demons on the reg, shotgun with Constantine [Verse 4: Esoteric] Fuck a phantom, I'm fed up with phony fantasies Fake fugazi fantasies fam, we far from family Foes feelin' free to forge with fetti and fame They fabricated, fascinating like a Frank Frazetta frame Fools falsify facts, friends figure it's fine They fail to, fix the fraudulent and formulate a Frankenstein For real, your focus fuzzy like footage of The Flash Or the first pharoah fossil found, fetch a flask Force it (force it, force it) down fast, cause flood's in the forecast You don't know a fraction, forget the half Follow, your financial future's finished Phantom's got you free-fallin' for females and fish for the fictitious [Chorus: Kendra Morris & Inspectah Deck] Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms Phantoms, phantoms, me, yeah Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms (bad company, bad karma) Phantoms, phantoms, haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt (bad luck) Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms Phantoms, phantoms, haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt [Intro: Samples] "Break out the fine—" "Villain!" [Verse 1: Inspectah Deck] I warm it up like Kane in his prime Fuck with us, you insane in the mind You cowards way out of line Money talk, boy you wastin' my time You don't want to put the work in You just want a taste of the shine Real talk, so it's hard to trust I'm in it for the long ride, like I drive a charter bus Scars and blood, from the deadly bars I bust In Czar we trust, the army buy they bombs off us Blog about it naysayer, you can hardly doubt it Who's the best? Who's the worst? We could argue hours Runnin' through soldier field, I'm Jordan Howard Nowadays they respect money more than power Money, power, respect, we all want some I ain't waitin', I needed it, one lump sum Made men trade hands with young guns They stopped manufacturin' the cloth that I'm cut from [Verse 2: Esoteric] I be laughin' at the beef as though I'm body-shamin' exes Only time you set-trip is when you binge on Netflix Reckless, run it up like, "Eso, listen please Alright I like the beat except the snare, kick and keys" Geez, I teach but I kill them when the class on So I got no pupils like Spidey with the mask on Generally speaking, each rhyme is five star Split personality, I ride with a side car I can't think of the rhyme, it must be misplaced It's on the tip of my tongue like Stan Smith's face Hold on - hmm, something 'bout a fly sound And how you got no bars like a dry town, so pipe down The beat bumps like bad skin "Captain gonna teach stuff", shout to Kraglin that's the line, yo Let the mind take you where the cameras can't It's very necessary like a Q-Tip Grammy rant (DOOM was imminent) [Verse 3: MF DOOM] Due to jet lag, good afternoon or is that night? Militants speak proper, some airheads said he act white Catch flight, bread good so he tends to pack light Got jokes, but usually don't engage in no snap fight Could be considered a waste confrontin' snakes on the back bite Detrimental to culture that they lack sight, ass-wipe Catch him on stage, mad hype, with a trashed mic Month later, in the gutter, glass pipe and a flashlight Lookin' 'round for something, he still scurry Bewilder, incite riots, the mind's gone blurry There wasn't really shit to say, much to they chagrin or dismay The licks had 'em on the ropes, then he made a big mistake and hit the hay Went home and hit the day Burn the midnight oil and freak the shit a different way Disaster, time is a component Settin' fire to rappers in a monumental moment And the game's potent, it's like a never-ending quotient A minute ago it was smiles and hugs, now where the fuck the dough went? He so bent it's like he set the shit straight again Bombs fittin' to drop and he ain't even close to sayin' when (V-V-Villain) Nothin' ever stolen Was given as a blessin', think the Universe owe him Got faith in the vessel but know when to keep rowin' Yeah and get up out your own way when deliverin' a poem Those who think they do, don't know him No different than a squad of birds ready to blow him Sorry Charlie, get back up on your Harley Win, lose or draw, plus beat you at Atari Drop they ass deep in some far-off Safari And prob'ly even got the answer to, "Who the hell are we?" Metal Face squad drone, tell the real ones, "Shalom" In a calm tone, bomb thrown [Instrumental] [Store Owner] Ahh, Welcome welcome. I see we have some heroes in training huh? [?] [Store Owner] All masks today are two-for-one, that's uhh, one size fits all.Well maybe not you but, you got a brother that's making your face strange over here that's looking like rrrrghh [?] [Announcer] With all the masks on display there was no easy choice [Store Owner] You got pets? Maybe your dog needs a mask. Who was that masked dog? [?] [Store Owner] You look like you can use two masks man... What if one falls off? [?] [Store Owner] Maybe you wanna leave one at that special ladies house? [?] [Store Owner] She thinks she knows you then boom! You got two masks on on, nobody knows who you are. . . not in these masks.Hehe [?] [Announcer] Suddenly the mask might not have been the best idea [Store Owner] This one really breathes [?] [Store Owner] Alright now I don't need no government names but you can't be paying me in any gold doubloons, or stolen infinity jewels, or anything. I need cash money [?] [Store Owner] Hey you kids messed with Murder she wrote? What about uhh Manimal? I got all 8 episodes [Intro: Vinnie Paz] Yeah CZARFACE Metal Face Pazienza [Verse 1] The one thing I learned from Eazy is be ruthless The bullets balls of fire like Jerry Lee Lewis The wasteline and shoulder strap is three Rugers Them jump-out boys'd vic you, you'd be shoeless Listen, you'd better listen to rules Or this british bulldog gon' rip through your jewels Now his tail between his leg and he lickin' his wounds I'm a Cus D'Amato acolyte, I stick and then move I rip 'em in two, I show 'em what the biscuit'll do Money shoulda done the opposite and listened to you I'm dissin' you too, you do the shit a pigeon would do Because bein' a rapper ain't something you fit to pursue He mister Magoo, this blind dummy couldn't see the sentinel My dick go in and out of holes like it's an exit wound The left strong like the bolsheviks and socialists My goons bloodthirsty, they will rush ya like the Soviets [Bridge: MF DOOM, (Inspectah Deck)] Yo, astral traveling The tracks go off in this direction It's the metal! Without a doubt (Yo, FACE CZAR) [Verse 2: Inspectah Deck] Yo, I'm a modern day Gil Scott-Heron Headin' down Fury Road with Charlize Theron No question, OJ and lemon into Effen Partially wrecked, I'm on the set, see me one-two steppin' Punch above to get beat down And they ain't turn on the light so turn the beat down Have a seat clown, you ain't even in my echelon Every hero's in peril, the first weapon's drawn I hear the plague was money, sex and violence Ya'll doomed, I'm immune to the virus MF CZAR, we the antidote I'll probably die before they realize that I am the GOAT Deck's impeccable, World Class Wreckin' Cru We ain't do no dirt together, so I don't mess with you I draft IPAs, that's special brew This rap's the victory lap, I'm so ahead of you "We don't like I-N-S, he's too lyrical" Yeah I'm deep blue sea, stay in your kiddie pool Wonder how I don't dumb it down But still get checks, checkin' in another town, yeah I blacks out like Donald Sterling Known to make great magic like the wand of Merlin Yo, I don't Snapchat, that's what fans do I been ill since kangaroos and Ked shoes Rebel 24-7, I rep Wu High on a Friday, with Smokey and Craig, fool [Bridge: CZARFACE, MF DOOM] My powers are incredible and astonishing Yours are uhh... Mental [Verse 3: Esoteric] Mad Max make your own apocalypse Poppin' shit, with the politics of Gregg Popovich Lock your lips queer, yeah I thought I told 'em They trying to get to the bag, I think that mean the scrotum Let me decode 'em, unload 'em and show them the true power They talk about the lyrics, the raps, they ain't wrote 'em To dead a hater is second nature like steppin' off an escalator Plus I'm holdin' a thermal detonator Fly flow, Disaster like Tommy Wiseau But still got fans leapin' out their Nissan Like "Eso, you a beast, mon!" Tell me shit I don't know It's like going toe-to-toe with Finn Bálor and Samoa Joe You mad shook, fuckin' with you, now that's a bad look Cut a rapper up like a scratch hook Sorry, let out an epic laugh, as I'm etchin' graph on your epitaph Deadly clash, weapons flash, I'm forever first, you're forever last You playin' chess with somebody with a checkered past You'll never pass my flow You hangin' on to old beefs but I'm past it though These gorgeous ladies wanna wrestle like the cast of GLOW So I cop a feel kinda like a magic show No no, I can't say that G-O-D ridin' out with the CZARFACE, sayin', "Man, play that" [Outro: MF DOOM & CZARFACE] As-as-as-astral travelin' (Astral what?) [Intro: Inspectah Deck + voice] Yo, yo, what's good? Esoteric INS, your Highness DOOM 7L CZARFACE at it again, y'all ready? Yo [Verse 1: Inspectah Deck] I'm fire in the summertime, cookin' with more heat Flow like DiCaprio, wolf of all beats The speak's deep like Leviathan Boss with the cross-fader, Lord Vader to a Kylo Ren Search for the plug, I hurt you with love Man, they pop holograms; call em' virtual thugs I'm sinister, hear the strings on the Czar guitar Sick with it, Doc' Strange in the Arkham yard We go dumber than Trump More money on the mind, got numbers to crunch Y'all just waking up for the day, I'm on lunch I portray my own self, perform my own stunts Like CZARFACE bustin' in through the window Bones broke, no hope for your kinfolks Yeah, as long as CZARFACE wins We'll be more talked about than Beyonce's twins Dig it? [Interlude: voice] [Verse 2: MF DOOM] No friendly warfare, this ain't wrestlin' There's nothing staged over here, you're trippin' Mescaline Drinkin', could've got smacked for what he thinkin' Would've said the word, whack! Abe Lincoln Vil still spend stacks off crack, stay crinklin' This game's filthy, get got while blinkin' Rappers do big-up jail like a recruiter Game lieutenant hit a boy, said he wasn't shooter Told him, "Man-up or keep it pushing like a scooter" Then said nuttin' and didn't pass the Buddha What do you know, police shows up Spit his shitty sixteen and get hisself locked up, up His story had a moral, he's buried in the soil Vil put it in her back like a epidural Kids, eat, sleep, stay away from creeps Spit it from the heart, this game's for keeps [Interlude: voice] [Verse 3: Esoteric] Put you in the dirt like a garden gnome, hard as stone Lies synchronized like the steps of a marchin' clone Legion, ruthless, my troops is from parts unknown Like a minor human torch, arson prone My field is a minefield, bombs left and right, knobs It's stormin', kite, sign sealed with divine shield Even Nick Fury keeps his eye peeled Wolverine's mutant gene, hopin' time heals Fightin' Irish girls off me like Notre Dame While you're ripped and you're a sucker 'cause you can't say no to dames And you're like novacane 'cause I can't fear now Come on, give me some credit I never say some bullshit everyone else think I'm apathetic Beat the rhyme sharp and tight Lethal mind archetype darker than an Arkham Knight [Intro: Esoteric] Get it Oh, shit [Verse 1: Esoteric] Lines cut like a machete swing Times up, before they set the ring Deadly with the pen I bring, the chemistry is menacing Like what? Ben Mendelsohn in anything Let me be Frank like Bernthal at a casting call Punish cats like Kyrie, mask and all I'm like a 2017 Gordon Hayward 'cause I don't play But I'm okay, I run through rappers like Chipotle I hope they get their shit together 'Cause the raps they give are somethin' like a laxative, whatever There ain't an adjective to describe the way I tear the mic with a vengeance Unless I gotta be that guy and use 'erudite' in a sentence Nah, these haters can't compete They pray to God I'm fake but I'm real like a Trump tweet (damn) My life look like Able's gun, it's never set to stun, you better run [Break: MF DOOM] What you mean by, "It never set on stun?" Y'know It's supposed to be on stun, get yourself hurt, son [Verse 2: Esoteric] Let me break it down, I grown since mic Mic Mastery Sometimes I'll reach like a hacker on D This ain't hockey, I'm meta human stand tall like Ewing Lines epic like the opening crawl on the first viewing Pursuin' Illinois, Sufjan Stevens Even though he's an Asthmatic Kitty, he's too calm breathin' Rippin' crews like Rotten Tomato reviews of The Mummy I'm ballin' like I'm hoopin' for money, who want it from me? I'll wait, style great, while your shit's weak, pipsqueek Make me wanna mute you like when Steven A. Smith speak So ahead of my time when I send savagery The link won't expire until after the singularity Been tellin' ya'll now you seein' what I mean and shit John Williams still workin' on my theme and shit (Yo yo yo) Find a better place It's Esoteric wreakin' havoc with the Metal Face [Outro: MF DOOM (Esoteric)] That's name, don't play it out Or either spray it when you say it out your mouth, get out (I heard you talkin' 'bout me, man) (Hahahaha) [Chorus: Inspectah Deck] MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote [Verse 1: Inspectah Deck] What I write sting, I'm The Night King How I'm floatin' you would think I'm on a kite string Yeah, extra strength, no PEDs DOOM Face takes the kief with the CBD I never wore women's clothes So many rappers exposed, but anything goes I'm from a different cloth, I remain like hieroglyphic walls 24/7 in the kitchen rippin' sauce Before you hear the drum or the bassline I bring it to 'em face time, zip them up, D-E-C-K shine A worker and a boss, that's a easy check 'Cause your boy rain fire like Khaleesi pets Deck thorough, I wreck worlds I'm on a futuristic ride homie, catch me in Westworld I'm black on, I'm like the flick of a light switch Bars like ours come equipped with the ice picks [Chorus: Inspectah Deck] MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote [Verse 2: Esoteric] Congrats, ya teeth catch a dope slap You got Strahan teeth there ain't a close gap (nah) Between us ya team seem sus Freshly dipped like a painter with a clean brush Genius, I let the pimp lead A couple eyes on his name like Embiid (they watchin') I'm rustlin' to pay you pretend chi (it's fake) The rhymes specialize the content speed Yes raps wrath of [?] Keep it a Buck like Giannis or fuckin' Jack Sikma Deck is you ready? (Yeah) Yo Metal Face is you ready? (Yup) Machete on the teddy, kill the mic then be Jetti [Chorus: Inspectah Deck] MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote [Verse 3: MF DOOM] Lyrics, don't blow it, bein' heroic And don't make me tell you again, stay stoic Nowhere near the radar, way below it Barely ever what they say they are and they know it Let 'em be what they wanna be, pros see methodically Properly, somethin' ya gotta test periodically, ironically As far as humans, loyalty is an oddity As far as bein' snakes though, it'd probably be two outta three Make sure the inner heat match the outer heat Mask on, get that bread, undoubtedly Seen a presidential suite on a balcony Watch how he make it all happen through alchemy That's unimportant, levels get deeper True essence lives behind the mind of the seeker Curiosity's great, but effort makes you weaker Relax, just be what's comin' out the freakin' speaker Eureka (his shit twisted, scriptless) [Chorus: Inspectah Deck] MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote MF Czar—we the antidote [Verse 1: MF DOOM] Eatin' Captain Crunch for lunch, don't get your panties in a bunch Shorty passed out, he coulda put the whammy in the punch Had he a hunch, he could get set up like one Cosby Slidin' off of three snowflakes like Tom Bosley Remember Charlie's Angels? They had to make some changes Three broads with burners, these dames could gets dangerous Dude you never see will forever remain nameless Two of them things black, the last one's stainless Don't deal with the devil on a deep level They see metal and sound off like a tea kettle Blow the spot up lovely With no reference to skin color, God don't like ugly Wise man once said not to showboat And treat the yacht the same way as a rowboat The snakes'll hang theyself with they own rope And watch a jewel transform to a known quote [Chorus] All I'm tryna do is just make mine Why a sideline rider tryna take mine? Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline (you know!) All I'm tryna do is just make mine Why a sideline rider tryna take mine? Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline (you know!) [Verse 2: Esoteric] What's Mary Poppin' y'all? Shout to Michael Rooker You with a mic is like a eunuch with a hooker Pressure (pressure pressure) cooker My confusion's organized, I'm the lord of light Yandu with an arrow's like Eso with the cordless mic Flow holy, no gospel trap, writin' like Michael Crichton put the rap in Velocirap-tor, or I hit you like a trap-door, when it rains it pours No mental strains but I, stick out like Kurt Angle's temple veins You got an empty brain, enter in my lane It takes balls like a gender change, people talkin' out they ass Check for the double-cross like 2 Chainz at Sunday mass Hit you with the belly to belly, the suplex Off the roof of the duplex, willin' to group text With Steely Dan, Groot, fuckin' baby Groot, the ghost of Dave Brubeck Alex Trebek and Boba Fett, who's next? [Chorus] All I'm tryna do is just make mine Why a sideline rider tryna take mine? Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline (you know!) All I'm tryna do is just make mine Why a sideline rider tryna take mine? Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline (you know!) [Outro] Is that a good guy or a bad guy? Uhh, good guy Well it looks like a bad guy Well, he's a good guy [Samples] C-Z-A-R CZARFACE CZARFACE CZARFACE D-O-O-M CZAR— CZAR— CZARFACE