[Verse 1] We found each other I helped you out of a broken place You gave me comfort But falling for you was my mistake [Pre-Chorus] I put you on top, I put you on top I claimed you so proud and openly And when times were rough, when times were rough I made sure I held you close to me [Chorus] So call out my name (call out my name) Call out my name when I kiss you so gently I want you to stay (want you to stay) I want you to stay even though you don't want me Girl, why can't you wait? (why can't you wait, baby?) Girl, why can't you wait 'til I fall out of love? Won't you call out my name? (call out my name) Girl, call out my name, and I'll be on my way and I'll be on my— [Verse 2] I said I didn't feel nothing, baby, but I lied I almost cut a piece of myself for your life Guess I was just another pit stop 'Til you made up your mind You just wasted my time [Pre-Chorus] You were on top, I put you on top I claimed you so proud and openly, babe And when times were rough, when times were rough I made sure I held you close to— [Chorus] So call out my name (call out my name, baby) So call out my name when I kiss you so gently I want you to stay (I want you to stay) I want you to stay even though you don't want me Girl, why can't you wait? (girl, why can't you wait 'til I?) Girl, why can't you wait 'til I fall out of loving? Babe, call out my name (say call out my name, baby) Just call out my name and I'll be on my way Girl, I'll be on my— [Outro] On my way, all the way On my way, all the way, ooh On my way, on my way, on my way On my way, on my way, on my way (On my) [Intro] Any time is the time Any time for you to get my call, baby (so, baby) Are you alone, baby? If he ain't around, pick up your phone, baby Whoa [Chorus] Can you try me? (try me), try me (try me) Once you put your pride aside You can notify me (-fy me), -fy me (-fy me) You're the best I ever had Baby girl, remind me (-mind me), -mind me (-mind me) Let me know if it's on And you know where to find me, find me Havin' thoughts you never had, yeah [Verse] I didn't know you were down for him finding out I thought you had some kind of love for your man Well, I'm not tryna break up something You've been workin' out, you've been steady But I'm ready to go all the way if you let me Don't you tempt me You're lookin' grown since the last time I looked at you It might have been, been about a couple months But I just got the picture that you texted to me You ain't steady, you look ready to go all the way If you let me take you down on me [Chorus] Can you try me? (try me), try me (try me) Once you put your pride aside (once you put your pride aside) You can notify me (-fy me), -fy me (-fy me) You're the best I ever had (you're the best I ever had) Baby girl, remind me (-mind me), -mind me (-mind me) Let me know if it's on (let me know) And you know where to find me, find me (hey) Havin' thoughts you never had, yeah Can you try me? Try me, try me Once you put your pride aside You can notify me, -fy me You're the best I ever had (you're the best I ever had) Baby girl, remind me, -mind me Lemme know if it's on (let me know,) And you know where to find me (find me), find me (find me) Having thoughts you never had, yeah [Bridge] Oh, lo Lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo Lo-lo-lo-lo-lo, lo-lo-lo Lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo Better try me [Outro] Don't you mess with me Don't you mess with me The way I kissed your scars The way I fixed your heart, oh Don't you miss me, babe? Don't you miss me, baby? [Verse 1] Wasted times I spent with someone else She wasn't even half of you Reminiscin' how you felt Reminiscin' how you felt And even though you put my life through hell I can't seem to forget 'bout you, 'bout you I want you to myself [Chorus] And now I'm askin', who do you belong to now? Who you give that love to now? Who you pullin' up on? Who you gettin' sprung for now? And what they got that I ain't got? 'Cause I got a lot Don't make me run up on 'em, got me blowin' up their spot 'Cause I ain't got no business catchin' feelings anyway I ain't got no business catchin' feelings [Verse 2] Catchin' feelings These girls only want you when you're winnin' (winnin') But you've been with me from the beginnin' (ooh, yeah, yeah) And I know right now that we're not talkin' (not talkin') I hope you know this dick is still an option 'Cause I'll beat it up (I'll beat it up, yeah) I'll take my time to learn the way your body functions You were equestrian, so ride it like a champion (I'll beat it) This sex will get you high without no other substance [Chorus] So who do you belong to now? (Who do you belong to now?) Who you give that love to now? (Who you give that love to now?) Who you pullin' up on? Who you gettin' sprung for now? (Who you gettin' sprung for now?) And what they got that I ain't got? 'Cause I got a lot (I got a lot) Don't make me run up on 'em, got me blowin' up their spot (blowin' up their spot) 'Cause I ain't got no business catchin' feelings anyway I ain't got no business catchin' feelings (feelings) [Bridge] Catchin' feelings I ain't got no business catchin' feelings I ain't got no business catchin' feelings Catchin' fee-fee-fee-fee Feelings I ain't got no business catchin' feelings I ain't got no business catchin' feelings Catchin' fee-fee-fee-fee [Outro] Wake up I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna wake up If you ain't layin' next to me I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna wake up If you ain't layin' next to me-e-e On me, me, on me, oh, I On me, on me, on me [Verse] What makes a grown man wanna cry? (Cry, cry, cry, cry) What makes him wanna take his life? (Yeah) His happiness is never real (Real, real, real, real) And mindless sex is how he feels, ooh, he feels [Chorus] When it's time, when it's time, when it's time It won't matter (it don't matter) It won't matter (matter) When it's time, when it's time, when it's time (time, it's time, babe) It won't matter (it won't matter, babe) It won't matter (ya) It was like he was never there (It was like he was never there) It was like he was gone in thin air, oh When it's time, when it's time, when it's time, oh baby It won't matter, it won't matter, baby [Post-Chorus] When it's time, when it's time, when it's time It won't matter, it won't matter When it's time, when it's time, when it's time It won't matter, it won't matter It was like I was never there It was like it was gone in thin air When it's time, when it's time, when it's time It won't matter, it won't matter [Interlude] When it's time, when it's time, when it's time It won't matter, it won't matter When it's time, when it's time, when it's time It won't matter, it won't matter [Bridge] Ooh, now I know what love is And I know it ain't you for sure You'd rather something toxic So, I poison myself again, again 'Til I feel nothing In my soul (in my soul) I'm on the edge of something breaking I feel my mind is slowly fadin' If I keep going, I won't make it If I keep going, I won't make it [Outro] And it's all because of you It's all because of you It's all because of you It's all because of you Woah, woah Don't you, baby, hey It won't matter, baby Don't you know? Don't you know? Ooh, no [Verse 1] And now I know relationship's my enemy So stay away from me I'm warning you You try to fill the void with every man you meet 'Cause you're upset with me I'm warning you [Pre-Chorus] 'Cause all the nights you slept alone dryin' your eyes And all the nights you thought about takin' your life 'Cause if it's love you want again, don't waste your time But if you call me up, I'm fuckin' you on sight [Chorus] I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you [Verse 2] When you're with him, you close your eyes and think of me Just call me up again I'll make you weak Girl, I'll come to put myself between your legs Not between your heart Can't you see? [Pre-Chorus] That all the nights we slept alone, dryin' your eyes ('cause of me, baby) And all the nights you thought about takin' your life ('cause of me, baby) 'Cause if it's love you want again, don't waste your time (don't you waste) But if you call me up, I'm fuckin' you on sight [Chorus] I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you I don't wanna hurt you [Outro] I don't want I don't want I don't want I don't want I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna, baby I don't, ooh [Verse] Enjoy your privileged life 'Cause I'm not gonna hold you through the night We said our last goodbyes So, let's just try to end it with a smile [Pre-Chorus] And I don't wanna hear that you are suffering You are suffering no more 'Cause I held you down when you were suffering You were suffering [Chorus] Blues away, way, way I got two red pills to take the blues away Blues away, way, way I got two red pills to take the blues away [Bridge] And I'ma fuck the pain away, and I know I'll be okay They said our love is just a game, I don't care what they say But I'ma drink the pain away, I'll be back to my old ways And I got two red pills to take the blues away, oh [Outro] I don't wanna hear that no more, no more No more, no more I don't wanna hear that no more